W-13712938-allowlisting urls (#308)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/managing-your-account.adoc

. Click *Continue*.
You are redirected to your identity provider.

== Allowlist URLs to Log in to and Use Anypoint Platform

> If you are using a restricted environment, such as a virtual machine, or have proxy requirements that prevent you from logging in to Anypoint Platform, add the following URLs to your allowlists so your sessions are not blocked or interrupted by your organization's firewall or proxy:

Author: ```suggestion
If you use a restricted environment, such as a virtual machine, or have proxy requirements preventing you from logging in to Anypoint Platform, add the following URLs to your allowlists. This ensures your sessions are not blocked or interrupted by your organization's firewall or proxy.
```
